Update tutorial (#213)
JuliaSmoothOptimizers/LinearOperators.jl: docs/src/tutorial.md

println("eltype(v)           = $(eltype(v))")
# dft * v     # ERROR: expected Vector{Float64}
# Matrix(dft) # ERROR: tried to create a Matrix of Float64
```

## Using external modules

> It may be possible to use some modules made for matrices that do not need to access specific elements of their input matrices, and only use operations implemented within LinearOperators, such as `mul!`, `*`, `+`, ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to use certain modules made for matrices that do not need to access specific elements of their input matrices, and only use operations implemented within LinearOperators, such as `mul!`, `*`, `+`, ...
```

Reviewer: Another example is Arpack.jl.

> For example, we show the solving of a linear system using [`Krylov.jl`](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/Krylov.jl):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, we show the solution of a linear system using [`Krylov.jl`](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/Krylov.jl):
```

```@example ex1
using Krylov
A = rand(5, 5)
opA = LinearOperator(A)

> opAAT = opA * opA'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
opAAT = opA + opA'
```
